<!-- DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE! -->
<!-- Instead edit recipe/agc_herbal.php -->
<!-- Then run bin/docgen -->

# How to Deploy a Agc herbal Project

```php
require 'recipe/agc_herbal.php';
```

[Source](/recipe/agc_herbal.php)

Deployer is a free and open source deployment tool written in PHP. 
It helps you to deploy your Agc herbal application to a server. 
It is very easy to use and has a lot of features. 

Three main features of Deployer are:
- **Provisioning** - provision your server for you.
- **Zero downtime deployment** - deploy your application without a downtime.
- **Rollbacks** - rollback your application to a previous version, if something goes wrong.

Additionally, Deployer has a lot of other features, like:
- **Easy to use** - Deployer is very easy to use. It has a simple and intuitive syntax.
- **Fast** - Deployer is very fast. It uses parallel connections to deploy your application.
- **Secure** - Deployer uses SSH to connect to your server.
- **Supports all major PHP frameworks** - Deployer supports all major PHP frameworks.

You can read more about Deployer in [Getting Started](/docs/getting-started.md).

The [deploy](#deploy) task of **Agc herbal** consists of:
* [deploy:prepare](/docs/recipe/common.md#deployprepare) – Prepares a new release
  * [deploy:info](/docs/recipe/deploy/info.md#deployinfo) – Displays info about deployment
  * [deploy:setup](/docs/recipe/deploy/setup.md#deploysetup) – Prepares host for deploy
  * [deploy:lock](/docs/recipe/deploy/lock.md#deploylock) – Locks deploy
  * [deploy:release](/docs/recipe/deploy/release.md#deployrelease) – Prepares release
  * [deploy:update_code](/docs/recipe/deploy/update_code.md#deployupdate_code) – Updates code
  * [deploy:shared](/docs/recipe/deploy/shared.md#deployshared) – Creates symlinks for shared files and dirs
  * [deploy:writable](/docs/recipe/deploy/writable.md#deploywritable) – Makes writable dirs
* [deploy:vendors](/docs/recipe/deploy/vendors.md#deployvendors) – Installs vendors
* [dojo:upload_env](/docs/recipe/dojo.md#dojoupload_env) – Upload .env
* [deploy:npm](/docs/recipe/dojo.md#deploynpm) – npm install & npm run build
* [artisan:storage:link](/docs/recipe/laravel.md#artisanstoragelink) – Creates the symbolic links configured for the application
* [dojo:deploy_sqlite](/docs/recipe/dojo.md#dojodeploy_sqlite) – deploy sqlite
* [artisan:migrate](/docs/recipe/laravel.md#artisanmigrate) – Runs the database migrations
* [deploy:publish](/docs/recipe/common.md#deploypublish) – Publishes the release
  * [deploy:symlink](/docs/recipe/deploy/symlink.md#deploysymlink) – Creates symlink to release
  * [deploy:unlock](/docs/recipe/deploy/lock.md#deployunlock) – Unlocks deploy
  * [deploy:cleanup](/docs/recipe/deploy/cleanup.md#deploycleanup) – Cleanup old releases
  * [deploy:success](/docs/recipe/common.md#deploysuccess) – 


The agc_herbal recipe is based on the [dojo](/docs/recipe/dojo.md) recipe.


## Tasks

### agc_herbal:scrape
[Source](https://github.com/deployphp/deployer/blob/master/recipe/agc_herbal.php#L11)

Run AGC Herbal scraper.




